Update documentation for Katello 4.17.1 (#4089)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/doc-Release_Notes/topics/katello-4.17.1.adoc

= Katello 4.17.1

A full list of changes is available on https://projects.theforeman.org/issues?set_filter=1&sort=id%3Adesc&status_id=closed&f%5B%5D=cf_12&op%5Bcf_12%5D=%3D&v%5Bcf_12%5D%5B%5D=1963[Redmine]

== Katello

=== Container

* pass:[Second container push set manifest size fields to -1, which breaks bootc] - https://projects.theforeman.org/issues/38488[#38488]

=== Repositories

* pass:[Do not delete candlepin content when deleting a rolling repo clone of a structured apt deb repository] - https://projects.theforeman.org/issues/38440[#38440]

=== Hosts

> * pass:[Satellite 6.17 upgrade fails with ERROR: duplicate key value violates unique constraint "index_katello_installed_packages_on_nvrea] - https://projects.theforeman.org/issues/38504[#38504]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* pass:[Katello 4.16 upgrade fails with ERROR: duplicate key value violates unique constraint "index_katello_installed_packages_on_nvrea] - https://projects.theforeman.org/issues/38504[#38504]
```

Reviewer: Let's translate this one from product to project.

Reviewer 2: Good catch on the branding + thanks for renaming the Redmine. We should be careful about this in the future on the Redmine side.

Author: I have made the suggested change.
